feat: add vendor extensions metric with per-extension counts (#3021)
Redocly/redocly-cli: .changeset/seven-waves-create.md

---
'@redocly/openapi-core': minor
'@redocly/cli': minor
---

> Add a Vendor Extensions metric to the `stats` command that reports how many distinct `x-` extensions a spec uses and how often each one occurs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added a Vendor Extensions metric to the `stats` command that reports how many distinct `x-` extensions a descrtption file uses and how often each one occurs.
```

> Added a Vendor Extensions metric to the `stats` command that reports how many distinct `x-` extensions a descrtption file uses and how often each one occurs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Added a Vendor Extensions metric to the `stats` command that reports how many distinct `x-` extensions a description file uses and how often each one occurs.
```
